[MongoDB] add TLS CA File steps to docs (#24352)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/mongodb.rst

This flag enables SSL connections to MongoDB servers.

> This property is optional and defaults to ``false``. If you set it to ``true`` and host Presto yourself, it’s likely that you also use a TLS CA file. For instance, a TLS CA file may be required to connect securely to a MongoDB cluster hosted on DigitalOcean. Note that cluster hostnames do not resolve using standard ``dig`` requests to the hostname in the connection string. MongoDB clusters are hosted on multiple nodes, each with its own hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is optional and defaults to ``false``. If you set it to ``true`` and host Presto yourself, it’s likely that you also use a TLS CA file. 

For setup instructions, see <link to setup topic header>. 
```

I suggest that you move the instructions to their own heading instead of including them into the `mongodb.ssl.enabled` definition. 

Format the title heading for the steps with a row of hyphens underneath it - see "Configuration Properties" heading on lines 32-33. 

You could put this new heading and its steps before the Table Definition tag in line 169/239 below. 

You could use the rest of this line - the "For instance, a TLS CA file..." to "...its own hostname." as part of the introductory material between the new header and the first step.

To retrieve the node hostnames of a cluster using ``dig``, specify the ``srv`` record type in the request and prepend ``_mongodb._tcp.`` to the hostname in the connection string, as shown below:

.. code-block:: bash

    dig srv _mongodb._tcp.<cluster-hostname>

For example, a properly formatted ``dig`` request would look like this:

.. code-block:: bash

    dig srv _mongodb._tcp.mongodb-prod-cluster-ba6e9b05.mongo.ondigitalocean.com

The ``dig`` command will return the actual hosts (in the **Answer Section**) that you can use to connect to MongoDB through Presto. The regular hostname won’t work and will result in a "host not found" error.

> ### Setting Up TLS CA File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting Up TLS CA File
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```
See https://docs.anaconda.com/restructuredtext/#headings for heading levels formatting. Please make sure the number of characters in the formatting line (^^^) exactly matches the number of characters in the line being formatted.

This flag enables SSL connections to MongoDB servers.

This property is optional and defaults to ``false``. If you set it to ``true`` and host Presto yourself, it’s likely that you also use a TLS CA file.

> For setup instructions, see :ref:`tls-ca-definition-label`.

Reviewer: Nice use of the destination link!

This property is optional; the default is ``0``.

.. _tls-ca-definition-label:

> TLS CA File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring the MongoDB Connector to Use a TLS CA File
------------------------------------------------------
```
Suggest something with a little more detail, and suited to the active nature of the task that you've written. If you have a better phrasing, please use it instead of my suggestion. Also make sure the formatting line ---- is the identical number of characters as the line it is formatting.

------------------------

> For instance, a TLS CA file may be required to connect securely to a MongoDB cluster hosted on DigitalOcean. Note that cluster hostnames do not resolve using standard ``dig`` requests to the hostname in the connection string. MongoDB clusters are hosted on multiple nodes, each with its own hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A TLS CA file may be required to connect securely to a MongoDB cluster hosted on DigitalOcean. MongoDB clusters are hosted on multiple nodes, each with its own hostname. Cluster hostnames do not resolve using standard ``dig`` requests to the hostname in the connection string. 
```
Minor edits for conciseness, and consider if the second and third sentences read better if they are swapped like I have in my suggestion here.

Author: Definitely reads better when swapped. Thanks!

> A TLS CA file may be required to connect securely to a MongoDB cluster hosted on DigitalOcean. A TLS CA file may be required to connect securely to a MongoDB cluster hosted on DigitalOcean. MongoDB clusters are hosted on multiple nodes, each with its own hostname. Cluster hostnames do not resolve using standard ``dig`` requests to the hostname in the connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A TLS CA file may be required to connect securely to a MongoDB cluster hosted on DigitalOcean. MongoDB clusters are hosted on multiple nodes, each with its own hostname. Cluster hostnames do not resolve using standard ``dig`` requests to the hostname in the connection string.
```

Retrieve the Node Hostnames
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To retrieve the node hostnames of a cluster using ``dig``, specify the ``srv`` record type in the request and prepend ``_mongodb._tcp.`` to the hostname in the connection string, as shown below:

.. code-block:: bash

    dig srv _mongodb._tcp.<cluster-hostname>

For example, a properly formatted ``dig`` request would look like this:

.. code-block:: bash

    dig srv _mongodb._tcp.mongodb-prod-cluster-ba6e9b05.mongo.ondigitalocean.com

> The ``dig`` command will return the actual hosts (in the **Answer Section**) that you can use to connect to MongoDB through Presto. The regular hostname won’t work and will result in a "host not found" error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``dig`` command returns the actual hosts (in the **Answer Section**) that you can use to connect to MongoDB through Presto. The regular hostname won’t work and will result in a ``host not found`` error.
```

> Setting Up TLS CA File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set Up a TLS CA File
```
Suggested to follow the phrasing in your first heading "Retrieve the Node Hostnames". (Please edit the formatting line immediately below if you change this line.)

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The following steps assume you are using CentOS. Adapt them as needed for your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps were developed using CentOS. Adapt them as needed for your environment.
```
Minor rephrase suggestion for consistency with other existing Presto doc phrasing.

1. Create the certificate file:

   .. code-block:: bash

       touch /etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/mongo.prod-cluster.crt

2. Paste the contents of the TLS CA file into the newly created file.

> 3. Update the trust store by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the trust store by running the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: bash

       update-ca-trust

4. Verify the setup by running the following command:

   .. code-block:: bash

       openssl s_client -connect <host-found-with-dig-above>:27017 < /dev/null

   The output should include ``CONNECTED`` and ``Verification: OK``, indicating the SSL connection is properly configured.

> Configuring the Catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the Catalog
```
Suggested to follow the phrasing in your first heading "Retrieve the Node Hostnames". (Please edit the formatting line immediately below if you change this line.)

Author: Did the same for the last subsection. Run Queries instead of Running Queries

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To configure a MongoDB catalog for this cluster, follow these steps:

1. Create the catalog configuration file:

   .. code-block:: bash

       touch etc/catalog/mongodb.properties

> 2. Edit the file and include the host found using ``dig``. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit the file and include the host found using ``dig`` in `Retrieve the Node Hostnames <#retrieve-the-node-hostnames>`_. For example:
```
Suggest linking back to that task to help the reader remember.
